>>>>[BACKGROUND MUSIC] And
I think many people today
don't know what to
believe anymore.
>>People are basically
going to keep on
to help uncover what
really happened.
>>It felt like something
was watching me.
>>We weren't given
all the information.
We weren't told
the entire story.
>>GEORGE NOORY: And
welcome to "Beyond Belief."
I'm George Noory.
Time and time again, I'll get
emails at "Coast to Coast"
with people saying, George,
one of my favorite guests
is that David Wilcock guy.
Well, perhaps you didn't
know it, maybe you did,
but David is an
accomplished author.
He's been on the History
Channel's "Ancient Aliens."
And of course, he is a
star in his own right
on Gaiam Television
with his own program.
Back by popular
demand, David Wilcock.
Always a pleasure, David.
>>DAVID WILCOCK: Well,
thank you for inviting me
to your cosmic nightclub here.
It's very colorful
and looks like we
ought to be drinking
more than water.
>>NOORY: It is one heck
of a place, isn't it?
>>WILCOCK: What happened
to your mustache, bro?
>>NOORY: Well, as I
explained a few weeks ago,
I was about ready
to trim my mustache.
The trimmer has what is
called a trimmer guide.
And you attach them
based on the length
you want your mustache to be.
Well, apparently, it
fell off the trimmer.
And I didn't know that.
And so I had, literally,
the trimmer blade.
And I went to trim it down.
And I went bzzzt.
And I looked like Adolf Hitler.
And I said--
>>WILCOCK: I would say,
Sylvester Stallone.
>>NOORY: --I've
got to change this.
>>WILCOCK: Oh, with the little
moustache strip in the middle?
>>NOORY: Yeah,
half was like that.
So the only way I
could do it was I
had to shave the
whole thing off.
But it'll grow.
It grows pretty fast.
>>WILCOCK: Well, I forgive you.
I forgive you for not being
your absolute best for my show.
>>NOORY: Thanks for bringing
that forward to everybody.
As if they didn't
already notice.
>>WILCOCK: [CHUCKLES]
>>NOORY: How are you?
>>WILCOCK: I'm doing great, man.
It's good to be on your show.
>>NOORY: What's new with you?
>>WILCOCK: I'm feeling
pretty amazing.
We have so much going on
in the world right now.
>>NOORY: Oh, too much, David.
>>WILCOCK: And the
amazing thing is,
I have all these
insiders telling me
things are about to collapse.
And these are very
high-ranking military personnel
reporting to me that
the bad guys, the cabal,
are trying to create
an Ebola plague.
And I was on your show, on
"Coast to Coast AM," the night
that that all started.
Remember that?
>>NOORY: Yep, you sure were.
>>WILCOCK: You announced it.
I didn't even-- I hadn't
heard about it yet.
It had just gotten started.
And it appears to
most people who
are bothering to not
have their head buried
in the sand like an ostrich
that things are getting more
and more frightening, more
and more upsetting, more
and more difficult.
>>NOORY: You can feel it.
>>WILCOCK: It definitely
feels that way.
And that's why I wanted to
talk to you today about stress.
And I want to talk
about the idea
that stress is actually
a beneficial thing
and may, in fact, be one of
the keys to human evolution.
So it's possible that the
things that are happening
are actually not negative.
That this is all part
of a perfect plan,
divinely orchestrated,
whose purpose
ultimately is to
guide and shepherd us
into a cracking of
the shell that we
built around our hearts.
An opening of the mind and the
body to a greater awareness.
>>NOORY: Stress really
does kill, doesn't it?
>>WILCOCK: It can
kill, but it also
creates an impetus
for evolution.
It creates motivation that
we might not otherwise have.
So that's the basic assertion
that I wanted to bring forward.
And our show on the rainbow
body was so well received,
it seemed appropriate to talk
about ascension more and get
into a deeper level of it.
Since the last time we spoke
about Tibetan rainbow body
practice, I've read a lot more
of what they do in terms of,
how do these Tibetan monks and
yogis achieve this fantastic
transmutation of their
physical body into light?
That's what the rainbow body is.
It's idea that you meditate in
the cave for 20 to 40 years.
You spend most of your time,
if not all of your time,
dedicated
single-mindedly on trying
to keep every thought in
your mind a loving thought.
And it's when you achieve
that, which I would consider
like the Olympic athlete
version of spirituality,
if you can achieve that, which
seems almost impossible-- I
mean, you're certainly not going
to have a loving thought when
you buzz off half your mustache.
>>NOORY: No.
>>WILCOCK: I imagine there were
some very colorful language.
>>NOORY: Maybe.
[CHUCKLES]
>>WILCOCK: Maybe.
>>NOORY: The only good part
about it is it grows quickly.
>>WILCOCK: That's true.
That's true.
So why is it that
stress would be
part of a benevolent
universe's design?
What would that offer us?
And my answer would be that if
we don't have enough motivation
to change, then we stay
stuck where we are.
There's a very interesting
thing in the Tibetan teachings
that I didn't know when we
did our show two years ago.
And that is that
the monks actually
say that if you do not have
enough stress in your life
when you are meditating and
trying to reach rainbow body,
if you're too happy, if
all you are is in a cave
and all your food
needs are supplied--
>>NOORY: All is well.
>>WILCOCK: --you're
blissed out, you
go into this very
unpleasant place called
the Realm of
Conceptionless Gods.
And that realm
appears to be Nirvana.
It appears to be like
the Garden of Eden.
>>NOORY: Huh.
>>WILCOCK: But it's a trap.
It's a trap that you're lured
into because all you want
is bliss and
happiness and peace.
And these conceptionless gods,
as you begin to meditate more,
you start having
interactions, telepathically,
with these alternate
planes of existence.
>>NOORY: So they're saying, have
a little stress in your life.
>>WILCOCK: That's right.
Because the conceptionless gods
pose as these beautiful women
that are luring you into
this garden filled with food
and they're feeding you
grapes and all this stuff,
but it's actually a trap.
And they become shapeshifters.
And you're in this
terrible perdition.
>>NOORY: And you can't
get out once you're in.
>>WILCOCK: That's right.
So you want to have difficulty.
And the Tibetans have
said-- some of them
have said that one of the
greatest things that ever
happened was being
invaded by China.
Because if they hadn't
have been invaded,
those teachings would
have never broken out so
that you and I could be
talking about them now.
>>NOORY: That's a good point.
Well, when you talk about
this internal stress,
what does that mean?
>>WILCOCK: I'm
actually saying that we
are part of an intelligent
cosmos that is biological.
The universe is alive.
The cosmos itself is
a conscious being.
And that's very different
than most people's idea, where
life is sort of a
random happenstance that
happened by Darwinian mutation.
>>NOORY: And we both
know that's not true.
>>WILCOCK: Clearly.
And the point is there are
two major things that are both
working against us when
we try to adapt to more
of a cosmic concept
of our existence.
Number 1 is that there is an
intrinsic resistance to it
in the human mind.
People don't like the idea that
there is a God-- some people--
because that implies that
the things that happened
were allowed to happen.
>>NOORY: Mm-hm.
>>WILCOCK: Many
people have pain that
is irreconcilable for them.
Something happened to them that
is beyond the ability for them
to see that it could
be a positive event.
And yet 92% of Americans,
based on a poll taken in 2011
by Reuters, said that
they believe in God.
When they are
asked the question,
do you believe in God?
92% of Americans said yes.
>>NOORY: Which is huge.
>>WILCOCK: Yeah.
>>NOORY: Yet a lot
of people, David,
will say, how can God
be so cruel to take
a little two-year-old with
cancer or some other tragedy?
And how do you answer that?
>>WILCOCK: Well, that
is a very difficult--
that's essentially the
kill shot or the nuke
that most skeptics try to fire
against people who believe
in God or in a divine
being of some kind.
My answer to that
would be, that there
is more to life than
just a physical body.
Now, in the case of a child
who dies very young, what
we find out is
that, in many cases,
people are planning
out their incarnations
in between lifetimes.
And there are people who
are regressed by hypnosis
through the classic
pioneering work of Dr. Michael
Newton and others like him.
And what we find out is that
everybody, after you die,
goes back to a heavenly
alternate reality that
seems to coexist with our own.
It's not like it's
up in the sky,
and if you fly up
far enough, you're
going to find all these people.
It's an energetic dimension
in some alternate existence.
>>NOORY: You mean,
they're not even
in clouds with harps. [CHUCKLES]
>>WILCOCK: I haven't
seen them yet.
I'm trying to find them,
but they're not there.
That might be the
conceptionless gods, though.
You gotta watch
out for those guys.
>>NOORY: That's right.
>>WILCOCK: So what
we're saying is
there's different
layers of reality.
There's different membranes.
There are different realms
or planes of existence.
And when you go into
the afterlife, when
you drop a physical
body, you still exist.
But there are key differences.
Everybody, regardless of whether
they're an atheist or a Hindu
or a Buddhist or a Christian
or a Muslim or a Jew,
it doesn't matter
where you come from.
When you go into the
afterlife, we all
have the same experience.
>>NOORY: You're in
the same kettle.
>>WILCOCK: And you're
a spiritual person.
That's the key.
You are a highly
spiritual person
when you go into the afterlife.
>>NOORY: Are you not
before you get in there?
>>WILCOCK: Many of them or not.
Many, many people who have
had these studies done
were just ordinary folks
from ordinary walks of life.
Some of them were
even people who
had been criminals
and delinquents.
>>NOORY: Killers, you name it.
>>WILCOCK: It doesn't matter
who you are in this life.
You go up there, and
you are a blissed out
angelic being who is
programming lifetimes on Earth
for an agenda, which is
to become more loving.
>>NOORY: But isn't there--
there's got to be a penalty
for some serial killer on this
planet, that once they pass,
that that soul can't be mixed
in with the enlightened David
Wilcock or somebody else's?
>>WILCOCK: That is
absolutely correct.
The Michael Newton
books describe cases
where that happened,
where you have someone
who he's interviewing and that
person is in the afterlife.
And when you talk to
somebody under hypnosis
who's having this regression,
they're talking in real time.
They're having a virtual
reality experience
that is absolutely
present-centered for them.
It's not like they're
remembering something.
They're in it.
So some of the people that
Michael Newton interviewed
described serial killers
coming into the afterlife.
And what actually happens
in that particular scenario
is that you are brought off
into a separate area, alone.
You are isolated.
And there is a guide
who is with you.
And you go into a deep
counseling type of modality,
where you, basically,
are going to have
to relive the
things that you did
to others in a sort
of "Groundhog Day"--
>>NOORY: Over--
>>WILCOCK: --time loop.
>>NOORY: --and over and over.
>>WILCOCK: And the movie,
"Edge of Tomorrow,"
I just saw recently--
yet another example.
They changed the title
to "Live, Die, Repeat."
He keeps dying over and
over again in the movie.
So the reason why there's
so many movies like this
is that some part
of us subconsciously
remembers that in
the afterlife, we
are given the task
of having to relive
what we've done
that hurt people.
>>NOORY: That could
be pretty painful.
>>WILCOCK: And we relive
it over and over again.
>>NOORY: It's got to be painful.
>>WILCOCK: Especially
because part of the design
is that you not only relive
it, but you experience it
from the other person's
perspective of how
you made them feel.
So think about how
poignant that would
be if you've been out there.
And I'm not saying you as you.
>>NOORY: I understand.
>>WILCOCK: I'm talking
about somebody else.
>>NOORY: I understand.
>>WILCOCK: But if you have, if
one has-- let's rephrase it.
If one has this arrogance
and this conceit
and this feeling
of invulnerability
and a desire for
power over others,
a desire to cause harm, a
sarcastic satisfaction--
>>NOORY: Sounds like a
few of our politicians.
>>WILCOCK: "Schadenfreude"
is the German word for it.
The joy of others' misery.
Laughing when
people are in pain.
In that alternate
reality of the afterlife,
the soul review
involves you having
to see not the part that
got your jollies off,
but how those other people
that you were hurting felt.
And you experience
every little bit of it.
>>NOORY: Their
pain, their anguish.
>>WILCOCK: Now, you
can work that stuff off
while you're in a
physical incarnation.
You're not doomed to have to
do all this in the afterlife.
But the trick is that
you have to experience
in your physical body a
similar experience to what you
caused other people.
>>NOORY: When they
come back, when
they're reincarnated again,
are they better individuals
than when they left?
>>WILCOCK: That is their hope.
That is their goal.
We see a 10-part process
that people go through
in the afterlife.
And what ends up happening
is that you choose.
You get a series of about maybe
four choices of which lifetime
you're going to have.
You choose your physical body.
You choose what your
body's going to look like.
You choose the weaknesses
that it will have.
You choose who your
parents are going to be.
You choose, actually,
what major events
are going to happen
in your life.
So if you have four
choices here and it's
like a shell game-- oh no,
which one am I going to pick?
This guy is going to get
hit by a car when he's
seven years old, and his legs
are going to be crippled.
He's not going to
be able to walk.
And each one of
them has a story.
And none of the
stories are that good.
>>NOORY: And you've
got to pick one?
>>WILCOCK: Yeah,
if you have karma
that has to be worked off.
So there's a case I
described in my book
"Synchronicity Key" about
a woman who remembered
being a character
called Leth the Viking.
And this Viking,
essentially, her goal
before incarnating
in that lifetime
was that she wanted to
have as much food and drink
and violence and
sex as possible.
Now, this would represent
a lower level soul.
>>NOORY: One heck
of a life, David.
[LAUGHS]
>>WILCOCK: [LAUGHS]
Everybody in the afterlife,
according to Michael
Newton's research--
and he's interviewed
thousands of people,
and they all say the same
things independently.
He doesn't tip them
off with other people
who have been saying this stuff.
Everybody has a color.
Your soul has this
luminosity to it.
So the lowest level
is actually sort
of a white but with
a reddish tinge.
And then you have a soul
that's got an orange hue.
That would be the next level.
Then you have a yellow.
And that encompasses
the majority
of people who are here on Earth.
Then, for some reason,
green doesn't exist.
And we could talk about that,
why that happens, later.
Then you skip to light blue,
dark blue, and very rare,
once in a great, great while,
if you're really lucky,
you'll get to see one
of these violet beings.
And those are the
real high level--
>>NOORY: That's way up.
>>WILCOCK: --beings that
oversee the whole process.
>>NOORY: Those are
the archangels.
>>WILCOCK: That's correct.
So if you are light
blue or higher,
you're actually now an
angelic soul-- somebody
who doesn't normally incarnate
on a planet like this.
And he did interview
some people like that.
>>NOORY: But they
were at one time--
>>WILCOCK: Oh, yeah.
>>NOORY: --as they climb.
>>WILCOCK: But
then, they volunteer
to come back and
do it all again.
So most people on Earth-- and
I think he said 75% to 80%--
fall somewhere in the range
of the sort of whitish red,
the orange, or the yellow.
And then in those cases, in the
early-- like if you're a red,
let's say.
I'll just use the
term "red" even
though it's sort
of a whitish red.
If you're a red, that would
represent first density
or first-level understanding
in the Law of One system, which
I've talked about on
my show extensively.
So people can watch
more for that.
If you're a red soul, then that
means that you don't really
understand too much
about what's going on.
You're bright-eyed
and bushy tailed.
You're open-minded.
You're welcoming
new experiences.
>>NOORY: But you're
an entry-level person?
>>WILCOCK: Yeah.
And the experiences
you might welcome
could include drinking,
drugging, sex, violence.
You want to go down there,
and you want to kick some ass.
You want to be a soldier.
You want to kill
a bunch of people.
That is a level of the soul.
And at that level,
you don't really
understand what's going on.
So this particular woman,
who he was interviewing,
had come in as this Viking.
And she picked one of the two
strongest, meanest, nastiest
bodies on Earth at the time.
So she comes in as a man.
She's extremely strong.
She-- as this Leth the Viking,
he's having lots of sex.
He's doing all
kinds of atrocities.
And of course, what happens
is, when you do that,
you will have to come back
in a future lifetime--
if you don't get it
all in one lifetime,
and most of us don't-- you
have to come back in a future
lifetime and redo the pain
that you caused others.
You have to experience
it yourself.
>>NOORY: As a victim?
>>WILCOCK: If you
could call it that.
But you're really only a
victim of your own free will.
You created the cause, and
then the effect returns to you.
So let's think about
this for second.
What happens is, you don't get
your karma in the next lifetime
because you're not
evolved enough.
And the Cayce reading
said the same thing.
It takes multiple lifetimes.
Sometimes like a
thousand years--
>>NOORY: To evolve?
>>WILCOCK: --of
reincarnation before you
will be spiritually strong
enough to have your experiences
dealt back to you in a way that
doesn't make you more negative.
So what happened in
her case is that well
over 1,000 years
later, she reincarnates
in the 1800s as a little girl
who has her legs essentially
crippled beyond the ability to
ever walk again by falling off
of a horse-drawn carriage.
And the carriage
wheels go over her legs
and smash them beyond all
recognition and ability
to be healed.
And in the afterlife,
she didn't understand
why that had to happen to her.
All she knew is that she's
given a choice of these three
different bodies
that she could pick.
And each one of them has
this big dramatic crisis
that's going to happen.
So you have to understand
here that when a child dies
at two years old, that might
be a relief for that soul
because maybe they come in and
they get this big karma out
of the way quickly.
And then they get to
die early and go back.
>>NOORY: And go
back and try again.
>>WILCOCK: And
now, they're clean.
And they have a nice
lifetime because they've
dealt with their karma.
And what you also find is
that people have soul groups.
The typical soul group is
between 15 and 25 people.
And these are people that we
reincarnate with over and over
again, lifetime after lifetime.
>>NOORY: In your lifetime?
>>WILCOCK: Yeah.
And--
>>NOORY: I believe that.
>>WILCOCK: --the Edgar
Cayce readings, of course--
>>NOORY: Your mother,
your sister, your friends?
>>WILCOCK: Yeah, the
Edgar Cayce readings
showed that there
was over 200 people
that he was doing
readings for who
had all been with him before.
And then his closest core team
had been extensively involved
with him in other lifetimes.
And of course, as you and I have
discussed on our preview show,
there is a strong and
undeniable resemblance
that I have to Edgar Cayce--
>>NOORY: Yes.
>>WILCOCK: --that appears
to be a reincarnation.
The face is remarkably similar.
>>NOORY: Give me that
profile look again.
Yup, absolutely.
>>WILCOCK: So in addition
to the facial similarity,
we have a highly bizarre
astronomical alignment,
where the positions of the
planets when he was born
matched so closely with
mine, that I was born in--
>>NOORY: Oh, I know.
It's uncanny.
>>WILCOCK: --the
only time vortex
in 127 years after he died
where it lines up that way.
>>NOORY: Now, you would think
that Edgar Cayce's soul would
not have to come back.
That he would be at
that perfected level.
So why did he?
>>WILCOCK: There is
some difference--
>>NOORY: Were there
some things Edgar
did that we didn't know about?
>>WILCOCK: Well, we did know.
You have to remember
everybody loves
to romanticize their heroes.
Everybody loves to
romanticize the Beatles.
But John Lennon was a junkie.
And he was really,
really mean to people--
>>NOORY: Yes, he was.
>>WILCOCK: --who were his fans.
So Edgar Cayce got romanticized.
And the bottom line is we know
that he was a chain smoker.
We know that he
was an alcoholic.
We know that he left
his wife for four years
and cheated on her when
he went to Texas to look
for oil with his oil buddies.
And that whole oil
thing fell apart.
And the readings
told him that as long
as even one person in the
team wasn't spiritually
looking for the right
reasons, that the whole effort
would have to be sabotaged.
>>NOORY: And so he comes back.
>>WILCOCK: So he came back.
>>NOORY: As you?
>>WILCOCK: Ostensibly,
yes, as me.
And I had to face
all the same problems
that Edgar faced before.
>>NOORY: Did you have-- I don't
want to get too personal here
with you-- but did you have
similar issues that Edgar had?
>>WILCOCK: Absolutely.
>>NOORY: You did?
>>WILCOCK: And
what's astonishing is
that it's the same people.
There's a book called "Edgar
Casey's Photographic Legacy."
You look at the
book, and you see--
>>NOORY: They match--
>>WILCOCK: --all
of the key people--
>>NOORY: --the
people in your life?
>>WILCOCK: They all match.
In fact--
>>NOORY: Uncanny.
>>WILCOCK: --there was only
a few that were loose ends.
And we've identified
almost all of them now.
>>NOORY: Now, how do you fix
this, then, for yourself?
How do you learn from Edgar's
experience into yours?
>>WILCOCK:
Extraordinary suffering.
>>NOORY: [LAUGHS]
>>WILCOCK: [LAUGHS]
I was addicted to marijuana.
And I did take LSD sometimes
during the ages of 19 to-- no,
I--
>>NOORY: Are we getting
true confessions here--
>>WILCOCK: --from 15 to 19.
>>NOORY: --all of a sudden?
>>WILCOCK: Yeah, so I had
to go through addiction.
>>NOORY: This is a first, folks.
>>WILCOCK: I stopped.
I actually have a
sobriety birthday
coming up on September 21st--
>>NOORY: Congratulations.
>>WILCOCK: --where I got 22
years-- never getting high,
never getting drunk,
pfft, no smoking.
I mean, I don't
even drink coffee.
And Edgar had a
terrible coffee problem.
And it actually caused him
to have a really severe bowel
problem.
>>NOORY: Huh.
>>WILCOCK: Also, it's
important to note
that Edgar's
readings were telling
him to remember his dreams
and write them down every day.
And he only did it
for about a year.
I've been doing
it constantly ever
since I got sober for 22 years.
And I came back, and
I had similar talents
as he did with the
intuitive readings.
But I actually ended up using
that as a booster rocket
to take it to the next level
because Edgar proved that you
have an ability-- some
people have an ability,
at least-- to gain access
to omniscient intelligence.
He proved it 14,000 times.
>>NOORY: Sure.
>>WILCOCK: He goes into
deep hypnosis, and--
>>NOORY: They help him.
>>WILCOCK: --he can diagnose
people's medical conditions
with no trouble
whatsoever, having
only their name and address.
And yet he knows
what's wrong with them.
>>NOORY: With huge accuracy.
>>WILCOCK: Incredible accuracy.
So when you look at it
from that perspective,
you can say, well, if he's
got such a slam dunk here,
then society should
have adjusted to it.
But it didn't.
We go right on with our
heads buried in the sand.
I'm a skeptic.
I don't believe in all
this woo woo stuff.
So what apparently had to
happen is that I came back,
saw that proving it
intuitively is not enough,
that we got to argue it
in the realm of science.
So although I ended up
repeating the karma of being
a professional psychic reader--
and I did that for seven years,
from 1998 to 2005--
thanks to guys like you
and getting so popular,
I had to retire.
I had too many people that
wanted a reading from me.
Being on your show, you
get your 400 emails,
and it's like, pfft,
what do I do with this?
>>NOORY: Right, you can barely--
>>WILCOCK: You know.
>>NOORY: --dent it.
>>WILCOCK: So I
ended up deciding
that I've got to go off
in a different direction.
That's when I started to
work on a Hollywood film.
I moved to Los Angeles.
And that evolved into finding
other ways to have a career
and make my income
that didn't involve
having to do psychic
readings anymore.
>>NOORY: When you move on
to the other existence,
I would assume, then,
that you have advanced
from where Edgar Cayce
was at that point.
Do you come back again?
Or are you close to the end?
>>WILCOCK: I would hope
that I have gotten it
down enough that I
don't need to have
another flesh-and-blood
physical body incarnation.
It would appear, based on
the things I'm telling you
about karma, that
in this lifetime,
I have just stacked the
deck with all of the payouts
that I have to do to
balance everything.
I have had--
>>NOORY: I'm coming
back again, I think.
>>WILCOCK: You've--
>>NOORY: Yeah.
>>WILCOCK: [LAUGHS]
Well, you know, as long as
you're OK with that, then
I'm OK with that because
there's nothing intrinsically
wrong with being
in this reality.
It's not hell.
When we talk about
ascension, when
people see me describing this
dimensional shift that we could
go through as a
planet, the key is
all you have to be
is slightly over 50%
loving as opposed to 50%
or more negative and evil.
So if you, George, feel that
you are not, at least, 50% good,
then you could still do
something about that.
>>NOORY: I think I'm
more than 50% good.
>>WILCOCK: Then you're
probably good to go.
>>NOORY: But I don't think--
it's good enough to stay.
>>WILCOCK: Well,
here's the thing.
>>NOORY: There are probably a
few more lessons to be learned.
>>WILCOCK: Oh, absolutely.
And you've got to remember now--
>>NOORY: Unless, you're
going to tutor me up there,
that will be different.
>>WILCOCK: Who knows?
I mean, we may have had
reincarnational existences,
too.
We both have shows on Gaiam TV.
It could be that
we have long been
in some sort of affiliation.
>>NOORY: We probably were.
>>WILCOCK: Probably were.
That's why I like you
better without the mustache.
It reminds me more of
the way you used to look.
>>NOORY: [LAUGHS] In
the other existence.
>>WILCOCK: That's right.
You had to do it for me.
That's why the angels made
you shave your mustache off.
>>NOORY: They did, they did.
It was bizarre.
>>WILCOCK: Anyway--
>>NOORY: I was actually
thinking about the show with you
when I did it.
>>WILCOCK: Oh, really?
>>NOORY: Yeah.
>>WILCOCK: That could be.
>>NOORY: Bzzt, off it went.
>>WILCOCK: Well, you never know.
These things could have
greater causality--
>>NOORY: Karma.
>>WILCOCK: --than you realize.
Anyway, if we see this
progress that we're
making towards the next level,
you don't have to be perfect.
So as long as you feel confident
that you are at least 51%
positive that you have--
>>NOORY: Oh, no question.
>>WILCOCK: --loving thoughts.
>>NOORY: I would think it's 85%.
>>WILCOCK: There you go.
So you're good to go.
You've got your boarding
passes for the mother ship.
>>NOORY: You think so?
>>WILCOCK: I believe so.
>>NOORY: God, I wanted one more.
Just one more shot.
>>WILCOCK: [LAUGHS]
But the key is,
there is a difference between
what we-- apocryphally
called the field goal
ascension and the touchdown.
You can kick the field goal by
just being 51% or more loving.
If you want to go
for the touchdown,
that's when you get
into the Olympic athlete
stuff of every thought that
you have is a loving thought.
And you're really
trying to advance.
You do all this
meditative practice.
And your goal is
total perfection.
That's the rainbow body, George.
That's where you solve
the entire purpose
of your existence
in one incarnation.
And you literally
become the universe
because you've solved
the whole reason
for why you would
ever have lifetimes.
However, most people go
through this sequentially,
similar to playing a video game,
and you have different boards.
And you go level 3,
level 4, level 5.
So as a planet, humanity is
about to go into level 4, which
is actually a level that you
are allowed to move into as long
as you are slightly
more good than evil.
And in that level, we are going
to have profound new abilities
that go way beyond
what we can do now.
In the Bible, Jesus says in John
14:9, "As I do these things,
so shall you do these
things and greater things,
for I go on to my Father."
>>NOORY: It will be
interesting to see
what happens on the other side.
>>WILCOCK: So that's ascension.
Ascension is this concept
that if you are ready for it
and you get to
stay here on Earth,
that you become
part of a new game.
A total rearranging of the
playing field such that what
we now experience as
our daily existence
is akin to superheroes
in a Hollywood movie.
And in fact, I believe that
the ongoing ever-increasing
prevalence of people wanting
to see superhero films
and voting with their wallet
is because, subconsciously, we
feel this coming.
We see that something's
coming our way that's
much more profound than
what our life is like now.
>>NOORY: That's true.
David, thanks for being
on "Beyond Belief."
>>WILCOCK: Thank you, George.
>>NOORY: Fascinating
discussion with David Wilcock,
whom you can also see
on Gaiam Television.
I'm George Noory, and
this is "Beyond Belief."
>>[BACKGROUND MUSIC]